tear 돌진하다, 찢다
authorities (복수형) 당국
be trapped 갇히다
debris  (무엇이 파괴된 후의) 잔해
prompt 지향하다
declare 선포하다, 선언하다.
district 구역, 지구
Tennessee 테네시주
Tornado 회오리바람
Nashville 내슈빌
suspect 용의자
criminal 범죄의
possession (마약, 무기의) 불법 소지
resist 저항하다
arrest 체포
allege 혐의를 제기하다, 주장하다
precinct 구역, 관할구
accommodate ~을 수용하다
accommodation 숙박
vehicle 차량, 탈것
implement 시행하다
traffic 교통량
traffic jam 교통 체증
confusion 혼란
resolve 해결하다
increased 증가한, go up과 같은 의미일듯..?
rideshare 합승 (우버 등) 다른 사람의 차를 타고 그 서비스를 이용
carshare와 다른 의미, 소유주와 공유해서 사용
APM (Automated People Mover)
franchise 구단
cruise 순항하다
sweep 완승을 하다, 휩쓸다
spot 자리, 순위
secure 확보하다
swipe ~을 (쉽게) 이기다
blast ~을 후려치다


dozens of 수십의, 많은
in and around ~안과 그 근방에
polling station 투표소
in impacted area 영향을 받은 지역
primary election 예비 선거
NYPD (NewYork City Police Department): 뉴욕 경찰
Gun Control (Act): 총기 규제(법)
police custody 경찰서 구류(구금)
length history 장황한(오랜) 이력(기록)
carjacking 차량 탈취(절도)
attempt to kill 죽이려고 했다
premeditated 계획적인, 사전에 계획된
wear a uniform 제복을 입다
be released from the hospital 퇴원하다
LAX (Los Angeles International Airport)
face complaints 항의를 받아들이다
add new lanes 차선을 추가하다
walk out of ~에서 나오다. 퇴장하다.
have ~ pick ...up ~가 ...를 태우게 시키다, 만들다.
pickup 차에 태우는 (것)
drop off at ~를 ...에 내려주다
put things into perspective ~을 넓게 보다.

quote 따옴표 열고 말하면 다시 말해서
some of the early issues 일부 초기 문제
be scheduled to open ~을 시작할 예정이다.
cf. be slated for ~가 예정되어 있다.

battle of the aces 에이스 팀들의 경기
kick off 경기가 시작되다, 경기를 시작하다
face off against ~와 대결하다
make one's first appearance in history 사상 처음 선보이다
look back in the record books 기록(책)들을 돌이켜보다

in walk-off fashion 게임이나 경기 막판에 결정적인 마무리
matchup 대전, 대결
pitching rotation 피칭 로테이션(경기마다 선발투수를 차례로 기용하는 것)
tangle 맞붙다
dominated by starting pitching 선발 투수가 좌우하는, 선발 투수가 승패를 결정하는
the guts on our side 우리 측 사람들
be slated for ~로 예정되어 있다.


Officials in Tennessee say at least 19 people are dead after two tornadoes
tore through the central part of the state early Tuesday morning.

Authorities in afftected areas are asking people to stay home...

... while they assess the damage and search for people who might be trapped under debris.

The tornadoes prompt the Tennessee Emergency Management Agency to declare
a level three state of emergency.

Serveral school districts in the area announced their schools will be closed Tuesday.

The Associated Press(AP 통신) reports the storms destroyed dozens of buildings
in and around Nashville(지명).

Election officials in impacted areas have set up some alternative polling stations
for Tennessee's primary election, Tuesday.

That's because some of the original polling sites are either without
power or were damaged.


The suspect in connection with shooting two New York City police officers in 12 hours has been
charged with attempted murder.

His past criminal history includes carjacking, a shooting with NYPD officers and attempted murder.

Robert Williams has also been charged with criminal weapon possession and resisting arrest.

Police allege he  ambushed  officers in an unmarked police vehicle, shooting an officer in the
chin and neck Saturday night.

Police say he then walked into the 41st Precint Sunday morning and opened fire, 
shooting a lieutenant in the arm.

LAX added three new lanes early Wednesday morning to accommodate more guests and vehicles.

LAX implement the new system, LAX-it, to reduce traffic, while its "Automated People Mover" train is
under construction.

But the system has created confusion and long wait times for rides.

According to the Los Angeles Times, Uber said it's "working with LAX to resolve some of the early
issues for riders who saw increased wait times during the first Sunday."

LAX added three new lanes early Wednesday morning to accommodate more guests and vehicles.


Travelers used to be able to walk out of LAX and have an Uber, Lyft, or taxi pick them up just
outside their terminal.

But under a new system, people have to walk or take a shuttle to a new pickup spot.
Travelers can still be dropped off at their terminal.

LAX implemented the new system, LAX-IT, to reduce traffic, while its "Automated People Mover"
train is under construction.

But the system has created confusion and long wait times for rides.

To put things into perspective: LAX is the fourth-busiest airport in the world and the second-busiest
in the U.S., according to Los Angeles World Airports.

Last year, 78.5 million passengers used LAX.

LAX apologized on its Twitter page last week to those who have "experienced an unacceptable level of service."

According to the Los Angeles Times, Uber said it's "working with LAX to resolve some of the early issues
for riders who saw increased wait times during the first Sunday."

Sunday nights are typically very busy for the airport.

LAX will use the new pickup system until it finishes building its train, which is scheduled to open in 2023.

The 2017 world champion Houston Astros will face off against the Washington Nationals,
who are making their first World Series appearance in franchise history.

But the Nats have been cruising since May and swept   the St.Louis Cardinals in four straight
games to earn their spot in the Fall Classic.

The Astros secured their second World Series spot in three seasons after swiping Game 6 of the ALCS from
the New Yankees in walk-off fashion.

As Houston's Jose Altuve left his home crowd in uproar an after blasting a game-winning home run
in the ninth inning.

Only two teams are left standing in the world of Major League Baseball and a battle of the aces
will kick off this year's World Series Tuesday night.

This will be a matchup between arguably two of the greatest pitching rotations to ever tangle
on the World Series stage.

Each team's starters have combined for 29 All-Star Games and five Cy Young Awards, given
to the league's most outstanding pitchers.

Astros General Manager, Jeff Luhnow, told The New York Times: It's going to be a World Series
dominated by starting pitching.

They have an MVP candidate, we have an MVP candidate, but when you talk about Scherzer,
Strasburg and Corbin, and then you talk about the guys on our side, this is going to be fun.





